---
title: It's been a while
date: 2024-08-13
---

Well, the last post I made was a while ago, which wasn't my intention for this blod, but whatever. A decent amount of that time was on vacation, but still not great lol.

Anyway, I have added some stuff to the game:
- Some new assets: striped balls, cue ball
- Super basic 'level' structure, where you beat a level by getting points and get points by pocketing a ball. 
- Once you beat a level, you are taken to a shop, which only has placeholder buttons right now
- A decent amount of behind the scenes code to ideally be able to add to this level, shop, run idea easily so I can actually get started on more roguelike stuff
- A simple animation when balls are pocketed, they spin and shrink til they're gone. Wanted them to also move to the center of the pocket while this happens, but might need to do more work for that. I'll get around to it later.
- Rudimentary ability to add spin to the cue ball, user controlled via sliders which I'll eventually change. The physics of how the forward and backward spin definitely need a lot of tweaking, but the base is there.
- maybe some other stuff idk its been a while

Also, I started experimenting with shaders (the floating ball in the top left lmao) as I'll eventually want to use those to change how the balls, and other stuff, look when they have certain abilities and traits and stuff. Additionally, I put some work laying out more game design ideas, which I don't feel like typing here, but I'm fleshing out more of the ideas which is good.

Here's where the project's at.

<video width="480" height="320" controls>
  <source src="/videos/game3.mp4" type="video/mp4"/>
</video>

-Daniel Glynn 