---
title: lol it's actually been a while this time
date: 2024-11-06
---

Alright, I lost momentum on this project for a few reasons, but instead of getting into those, let's just get back on the horse. I am committed to getting this game to a releasable state. I have a renewed motivation for this project, and I'm excited for the journey.

Some of the new stuff that I'm pretty sure is new:
- Cue sight lines! This one took a while. I tried a few different ways of doing it, using ray casts, shape casts, and built-in godot physics prediction stuff. What ended up being the best and most accurate is to use ray casts, some trigonometry to calculate collision directiona and stuff, and then crank the physics step rate super high. Hopefully this isn't a problem, but there aren't too many balls or anything like that so it should be fine (famous last words). I still use a shape cast for collisions with the walls. Not perfect but pretty good I would say.
- Can move and place the cue ball at the start of the game and when pocketed. Ball can't be placed at the same spot as an existing ball. Can limit to the kitchen or not.
- (Behind the scenes) refactored how the game/cue state worked so that it makes much more sense and is less susceptible to bugs.
- little animation so that the cue moves towards the cue ball when you release the mouse. Makes hits a little more satisfying I think.
- removed spin mechanics for now, as I have different plans for how to implement them.
- can lock the cue in place while aiming, and in this mode make small adjustments with the arrow keys. Useful for getting the aim and power just right. I imagine this, the cue sight lines and other quality of life stuff as interesting upgrade paths for the eventual roguelite version of the game.
- maybe other stuff who knows

Here's the video:

<video width="480" height="320" controls>
  <source src="/videos/game4.mp4" type="video/mp4"/>
</video>

-Daniel Glynn 